Local bands have played Newport quite a lot with Budgie. Budgie are still recording music today.
I've seen man in Newport in the in place. I've seen racing cars in the in place who later went
on to have a number one hit with their shoot horses, don't they? This became a hit around
the world. Deep Purple, what can I say about Deep Purple at the in place? It still helped.
History speaks for itself. They weren't world renowned but they were still quite a top band
of their time in Britain. One thing that stuck out to me at a concert I seen in the Kensington
Club was an all female group called Fanny who performed topless and Suzy Quattro's sister
was a band member at the time. I even seen fans people at the Kensington Club and they used to
host all different music from heavy rock to rock and roll which a lot of teddy boys
would come to watch these old rock and roll bands. For fame you can look into the who
because the ox's uncle sung with Newport's male voice choir and he very often came
for visits in Newport. We have had many many local bands that didn't really make it big
but they had a big following at the time. One of the heroes of Newport people was a band called
Edgar Broaddon and we used to follow Edgar when he played around Wales. A memorable gig I watched
was in the memorial hall in Barrie and we were jumping up and down on the stage to get him to do
an encore.
One time I went to the Ringland Club to see
musical performance, Mac and Katie Cassoon who the previous week was on the top of the pops
playing in a workman's club in Newport. This is what it was like.
My mum told me stories where she seen Tom Jones and Lulu in the working man's club,
the Ebbw Bridge Club, not mice glass.
So this is how the diverse scene of music and how people came,
famous, non-famous, people who were going to become famous, played at Newport. Like I said
it was a very important place. It was a very nice place and time to live. I enjoyed my musical time
and I enjoyed my general life.